[FEATURE] Relationships Rework (#3659)
ClanGenOfficial/clangen: docs/dev/writing/reference/tag-lists.md

    | `seizure`              | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `diarrhea`             | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `running nose`         | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `kittencough`          | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `whitecough`           | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `greencough`           | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `yellowcough`          | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `redcough`             | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `an infected wound`    | :x:                    |
    | `a festering wound`    | :x:                    |
    | `carrionplace disease` | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `heat stroke`          | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `heat exhaustion`      | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `stomachache`          | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `constant nightmares`  | :fontawesome-solid-check:     |
    | `grief stricken`       | :x:                    |
    | `malnourished`         | :x:                    |
    | `starving`             | :x:                    |

===  "Permanent Conditions"

    > !!! important

>         Generally we want to avoid giving a permanent condition to a cat, instead we should give them a condition that can lead to permanence (i.e. give 'broken back' instead of 'paralyzed')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Generally we want to avoid giving a permanent condition to a cat. Instead, you should give them a condition that can lead to permanence (e.g. give 'broken back' instead of 'paralyzed')
```

    > * `crooked jaw`
    * `lost a leg`
    * `born without a leg`
    * `weak leg`
    * `twisted leg`
    * `lost their tail`
    * `born without a tail`
    * `paralyzed`
    * `raspy lungs`
    * `wasting disease`
    * `blind`
    * `one bad eye`
    * `failing eyesight`
    * `partial hearing loss`
    * `deaf`
    * `constant joint pain`
    * `seizure prone`
    * `allergies`
    * `constantly dizzy`
    * `recurring shock`
    * `lasting grief`

>     * `persistent headaches`

Reviewer: put 'em in a table

    

=== "Scars"

>     >`ONE`, `TWO`, `THREE`, `TAILSCAR`, `SNOUT`, `CHEEK`, `SIDE`, `THROAT`, `TAILBASE`, `BELLY`, `LEGBITE`, `NECKBITE`, `FACE`, `MANLEG`, `BRIGHTHEART`, `MANTAIL`, `BRIDGE`, `RIGHTBLIND`, `LEFTBLIND`, `BOTHBLIND`, `BEAKCHEEK`, `BEAKLOWER`, `CATBITE`, `RATBITE`, `QUILLCHUNK`, `QUILLSCRATCH`, `HINDLEG`, `BACK`, `QUILLSIDE`, `SCRATCHSIDE`, `BEAKSIDE`, `CATBITETWO`, `FOUR`, `LEFTEAR`, `RIGHTEAR`, `NOTAIL`, `HALFTAIL`, `NOPAW`, `NOLEFTEAR`, `NORIGHTEAR`, `NOEAR`, `SNAKE`, `TOETRAP`, `BURNPAWS`, `BURNTAIL`, `BURNBELLY`, `BURNRUMP`, `FROSTFACE`, `FROSTTAIL`, `FROSTMITT`, `FROSTSOCK`, `TOE`, `SNAKETWO`

Reviewer: put them into a table to match the others, even tho there's no checkmarks or w/e. consistency!

| `kittypet_backstories`       | `kittypet1`, `kittypet2`, `kittypet3`, `kittypet4`, `refugee3`, `tragedy_survivor3`, `guided1`, `refugee6`                                                                                         |
| `former_clancat_backstories` | `otherclan1`, `otherclan2`, `otherclan3`, `ostracized_warrior`, `disgraced1`, `disgraced2`, `disgraced3`, `retired_leader`, `refugee1`, `tragedy_survivor1`, `medicine_cat`, `guided4`, `refugee5` |
| `healer_backstories`         | `medicine_cat`, `wandering_healer1`, `wandering_healer2`                                                                                                                                           |
| `orphaned_backstories`       | `orphaned1`, `orphaned2`, `orphaned3`, `orphaned4`, `orphaned5`, `orphaned6`                                                                                                                       |
| `abandoned_backstories`      | `abandoned1`, `abandoned2`, `abandoned3`, `abandoned4`                                                                                                                                             |

> | `outsider_backstories`       | `outsider1`, `outsider2`, `outsider3`                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: missing the baby backstories, unless those are exclusively for internal use

Author: Exclusively internal for social detection
